Updated Readme file (#27)
OpenLiberty/sample-cloudant: README.md

![](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/open-liberty/blob/master/logos/logo_horizontal_light_navy.png)
# Cloudant Sample
This sample shows how to store data with Cloudant using CDI and MicroProfile Config, as well as data validation with Jakarta Bean Validation.
## Environment Set Up
To run this sample, first [download](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/sample-cloudant/archive/main.zip) or clone this repo - to clone:
```
git clone git@github.com:OpenLiberty/sample-cloudant.git
```
### Setup CouchDb

> You will also need a CouchDB instance to use this sample. If you have Docker installed, you can use the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cloudant client is also compatible with CouchDb, which is needed for running the sample locally. If you have Docker installed, you can use the following:
```

```
docker run -d --name liberty_cloudant -p 5984:5984 -e COUCHDB_USER=admin -e COUCHDB_PASSWORD=password couchdb:3.4.2
```
## Running the Sample
From inside the sample-cloudant directory, build and start the application in Open Liberty with the following command:
```
./mvnw liberty:dev
```
Once the server has started, the application is available at http://localhost:9080
### Try it out
Give the sample a try by registering a crew member. Enter a name (a String), an ID Number (an Integer), and select a Rank from the menu, then click 'Register Crew Member'.
Two more boxes will appear, one with your crew members (which you can click to remove) and one showing how your data looks in Cloudant.
### Stop CouchDb
```
docker stop liberty_cloudant
```
### How it works

> This application uses a CDI producer ([CloudantProducer.java](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/sample-cloudant/blob/main/src/main/java/io/openliberty/sample/cloudant/CloudantProducer.java)) to inject a CouchDatabase. It provides access to the database in a RESTful manner in [CrewService.java](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/sample-cloudant/blob/main/src/main/java/io/openliberty/sample/application/CrewService.java) using the `/db/crew` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application uses a CDI producer ([CloudantProducer.java](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/sample-cloudant/blob/main/src/main/java/io/openliberty/sample/cloudant/CloudantProducer.java)) to inject a Cloudant client. It provides access to the database in a RESTful manner in [CrewService.java](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/sample-cloudant/blob/main/src/main/java/io/openliberty/sample/application/CrewService.java) using the `/db/crew` endpoint.
```

Slight difference from the mongo app, we can't inject a specific database access object, just the full Cloudant client

> Calling `POST /{id}` on the endpoint uses [Jakarta Validation](https://openliberty.io/guides/bean-validation.html) to validate the data we receive from the front end. [CrewMember.java](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/sample-cloudant/blob/main/src/main/java/io/openliberty/sample/application/CrewMember.java) shows the constraints as well as the messages we return to the user if those constraints aren't met.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calling `POST /{id}` on the endpoint uses [Jakarta Validation](https://openliberty.io/guides/bean-validation.html) to validate the data received from the front end. [CrewMember.java](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/sample-cloudant/blob/main/src/main/java/io/openliberty/sample/application/CrewMember.java) shows the constraints as well as the messages we return to the user if those constraints aren't met.
```

> Calling `POST /{id}` on the endpoint uses [Jakarta Validation](https://openliberty.io/guides/bean-validation.html) to validate the data received from the front end. [CrewMember.java](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/sample-cloudant/tree/master/src/main/java/io/openliberty/sample/application/CrewMember.java) shows the constraints as well as the messages we return to the user if those constraints aren't met.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calling `POST /{id}` on the endpoint uses [Jakarta Validation](https://openliberty.io/guides/bean-validation.html) to validate the data received from the front end. [CrewMember.java](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/sample-cloudant/blob/main/src/main/java/io/openliberty/sample/application/CrewMember.java) shows the constraints as well as the messages we return to the user if those constraints aren't met.
```
